Magnus Group is excited to invite you to participate and share your research findings and expertise at the "2nd Edition of International Conference on Gastroenterology." This conference will take place from October 21-23 in Baltimore, MD, USA and also virtually. The theme of the conference is "Gastroenterology: A view through the scope." This hybrid event allows you to attend in person at Baltimore, MD, USA or virtually from the comfort of your home or workplace. Gastroenterology Conferences 2024 focuses on studying the function and diseases of various organs such as the throat, small intestine, stomach, colon and rectum, bile channels, gallbladder, pancreas, and liver. These gastrointestinal and liver diseases have become a significant global health issue, straining national healthcare budgets and being a leading cause of disease-related deaths.
Recent advancements in biology and medicine have shed light on the causes of chronic liver inflammation and led to the development of new treatments for various liver diseases. This GI Conferences 2024 focuses on state-of-the-art diagnostic and therapeutic strategies for gastroenterology diseases. It brings together renowned experts in gastroenterology, hepatology, endoscopy, oncology, virology, microbiology, research, surgery, medicine, students, industry professionals, and pharmaceutical experts to share their perspectives on crucial aspects of gastroenterology research.
The Hepatology Congress features world-renowned speakers, cutting-edge research strategies, innovations, and the latest updates in gastroenterology. Keynote sessions, oral presentations, and poster presentations will provide high-quality scientific content. We look forward to welcoming you at GASTRO 2024!
# Gastro-2024
2nd Edition of International Conference on Gastroenterology
